remove most references to `expo eject`in favor of `prebuild` (#15969)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v40.0.0/sdk/map-view.md

[GMSServices provideApiKey:@"your api key"]
```

> Alternatively, you can provide the `GMSApiKey` key in your app's **Info.plist**. If you ejected after already configuring Google Maps, the `prebuild` command may have already provided this for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can provide the `GMSApiKey` key in your app's **Info.plist**. If you generated the native code after already configuring Google Maps, the `prebuild` command may have already provided this for you.
```
